Your privacy is critically important for us. As the Avokado team, our softwares are built on a few fundamental principles regarding privacy;
•	No personal information is stored unless it is required for the functionality of the software. 
•	If necessary, any personal information would be stored primarily on the client hardware and in no circumstance, it is uploaded to internet or made available to the public.
•	Any functionality what does or will require keeping personal information on our servers will do so only with the permission of the user. This information would not be shared with any third parties except to comply with law, develop our products or protect our rights.
Below is our privacy policy regarding the Desktop Sessions Manager software:
The Desktop Sessions Manager in its current latest version, stores website urls, file and executable addresses on the local machine that loaded or running at a particular time when the session is saved. The time and date of the save, the passwords used in the websites or files themselves are not stored, what so ever. All information is stored as a save file at the client hardware, and no personal or private information is stored on our servers by the Desktop Sessions Manager software.
This information is only as identifying as the open websites or files at the time of the save. 
Because all session saves are stored under respective users’ %LOCALAPPDATA% folder, the access is not possible by other users of the local PC. 
Upon the load of a session, the Desktop Sessions Manager will open the files, executables and websites whose file and url addresses are saved. We are not responsible for any information shared through the these executables, marcos nested in the files or the web browsers loading the saved urls in the session save file. For your privacy, do not use Desktop Sessions Manager with a website, executable or macro file that may be sharing their personal information directly upon loading. 
While the aforementioned information is not stored on our servers, it doesn’t mean this information is inaccessible. The save files are not encrypted and may be opened and scanned for information regarding open websites, executables and files. For that reason, do not share your save files with others.
If a future version of Desktop Sessions Manager provides a service for sharing the session information between personal computers of the same user, this feature will require storing of the save files on the servers. Using such feature will automatically constitute your acceptance of storage of the personal information. This information would not be shared with any third parties except to comply with law, develop our products or protect our rights.
Any unintended modification of the original Desktop Sessions Manager software, by others will risk not only the privacy of the personal information but also leave the users vulnerable to phishing attacks, such as deceiving users to share personal information on websites mimicking real or plausibly real company or entities. The Avokado team do not have any responsibility in the personal information shared willingly or unwillingly through the websites, files or executables opened by the Desktop Sessions Manager. It is user’s responsibility to check the accuracy of websites opened by the Desktop Sessions Manager before entering any personal information, and the accuracy of the files and executables started by the Desktop Sessions Manager. While Desktop Sessions Manager do not change any url, file or executable address, it cannot ensure that the save file or the actual websites, files or executables are modified between the save and load of a session.
Policy changes:
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Avokado team has the right to change the privacy policy at any time and we encourage users to frequently check our policies for any changes. Continued use of our products after any change in our policies will constitute your acceptance of such change.

